#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via httpx
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.36.5
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.36.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
fastembed==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.17.0
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
flatbuffers==25.1.24
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.159.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.70.0
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.15
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.5
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via fastembed
marshmallow==3.26.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   onnxruntime
    #   qdrant-client
onnxruntime==1.20.1
    # via fastembed
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
pillow==10.4.0
    # via fastembed
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
py-rust-stemmers==0.1.3
    # via fastembed
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via langchain-community
pymupdf==1.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
qdrant-client==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.3
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via fastembed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
